# practicing-gratitude-expecting-greatness
After many years seeing all sides of life, good, bad, and evil, I used to try to figure out why the bad, sad, or evil that hurts individuals daily.  Now I refuse to ponder on such tragic and heart breaking events that plague humanity today and I’m in the happiest place I’ve ever known in life despite all the wrong that still haunts many brothers and sisters but the days of my hurt for those are gone.  My point is people, is when we focus on the hatred and negative that the world will hand you on a silver platter, we are not helping.  In fact, we are doing quite the opposite.  Our focus and thoughts effect what happens in our lives.  God’s intentions are not for His children to suffer or live in misery.  It’s not a sin to have thoughts of happiness and joy..  It’s not a sin to live a comfortable and prosperous lifestyle, despite what most extremists will gladly let you know as they are in the processs of passing judgment and deciding where your souls will spend eternity.  It’s actually become comical at this point.  God loves everyone and I am certain that He grants us all the same constant well being on a regular basis.  Picture our souls as “spirit servers” and God has writes code for each of us and this code is all of our greatest wishes and it’s complete with alll the choice that we can make at any point and time to change our current state, if it’s not creating joy.  We are constantly receiving a stream of continuous well being, it’s up to us to choose to accept or reject this gift of abundance that the Father of all of life has blessed every person without exception.  He gives us all the potential to have greatness, happiness, love, prosperity, an abundance of life, if we can close our mouths, open our eyes,ears, and minds.  What we think about constantly, ultimately becomes what’s known as a belief.  I think that God has so much stored up for me and those that I care for, which makes me feel what’s known as an emotion.  These emotions always are results of our thoughts.  When God programmed us, this was his anti-virus protection, if you will.  Our emotions are a built in guiding system, our malware protection.  Don’t overthink it.  Basically, if what we are thinking about is causing us to have a less than positive emotional response then we have the option to change our thought to something better.  
This program is designed to work no matter how large or small our negative thought may be we are gifted with the power to override the thought with one better, any thought better.  
We all have dreams, whether we are not too macho to admit this or not.  We all have something else, desires, wants, a better future, or a more favorable outcome.  If one individual in the world could disagree with this statement under polygraph then that would leave one conclusion.  This person has no faith, no hope, or no motivation to improve any portion of his or her "perfect" life.  Perfectly "content".  By no means am I condemning this rare specimen, it's just well....rare.  Most individuals, especially Americans want more from there lives.  
This by no means verifies that we were programmed to never obtain true happinesss, love, or the continuos virtual or maybe to some, spiritual, well being that is constantly being uploaded into our souldrives.  It only verifies that most individuals lose hope or faith that what they really want in life will ever manifest itself which in turn cuases doubtful thoughts which lead to negative emotions and therefore taking our spritual servers offline, resulting in our inability to sync with the greatness code that our system should be running at all times.  Especially, the times when it feels that our thoughts or circumstances are leading us to feel emotions that are less than how our Master programmer intended.
To summaraize without leaving too many gaps and unanswered questions, think of our lives as a compputer promgram that was written by a true God who even though has billions of programs, he is especially and persoanlly involved in yours.  For some reason it is almost impossible for Him to convince you that you can control how your system (life) is operating.  Once you start to practice better thought processes, gratitude, and an overall appreiation for the system you are currently using while at the same time allowing yourself to have dreams, desires, and positive feelings of how life would be on the day that you know and expect your new system, hardware, and latest codes are part of your reality now.  All it took was your consistent belief that your Creator does care for you, loves you, and wants nothing more than for you to always have the latest and greatest, the software that gives you joy and happiness.  Your only task is to maintain loyalty, faith, gratitude, acko=nowledgement, and ultimately your unwaivered devotion to your Creator, your Master & Lord.  

